as we know hospitals across guards are
under intense pressure this is the
director speaking live now at the
shiffer hospital let's listen
in during particularly during the last
two days where no communication and no
internet they have demolished more than
32,000
unit the
occupation has always been targeting
the civilians the residential areas
and different social
categories when it comes to the Medical
Teams more than
116 medical staff have lost their
lives the civil defense units have lost
18 of their men the journalist who cover
the
war have been also targeted 35
journalists have lost their lives this
means that the occupation is doing
everything is targeting everyone is
bombarding all the community with
without
exceptions the Israeli occupation has
targeted
880 government building and other social
organization the occupation has
destroyed since the start of the war
47 mosques in addition to other damages
in churches one of them one of the
churches was targeted directly the
occupation has caused damages for
two 08 208 schools and some of them are
out of service for the time being within
the field Dev velopment and since the
occupation has knocked out the
communication system and the internet in
Gaza we said that the occupation is
intending to commit more massacres
against our people they have done that
the occupation has done that during the
last two days they committed more than
60 massacres hundreds have lost their
lives and hundreds were critically
injured the ambulances that used to go
to aif
hospital were full with dead bodies the
next day when we have the internet we
have seen and you have seen the Massac
and the consequences of the massacres
hundreds of Martyrs and hundreds of dead
bodies those people lost their lives
because of the
occupation
so that's uh Sal Maru the head of
government media the government media
office in Gaza he's he was speaking at
shiffer hospital it wasn't a
representative shiffer hospital it it
was a representative the Gaza media
office saying that Medical Teams and I
think the number he said was 160 medical
staff have lost their lives across the
strip a journalist 35 lives lost he said
80 government buildings have been
targeted uh the comm's system has been
knocked out there are hundreds and
hundreds of dead
bodies